The Assembly Hall is an educational center.
This is a center of pure worship
for all the congregations that come.
Taking care of Jehovah’s house
is part of sacred service.
Even going back to the temple,
everyone had an assignment.
They had someone to open the doors.
So, of course, they also had
somebody maintaining things.
As of December 2016,
there are 773 Assembly Halls worldwide.
There are so many details
at an Assembly Hall;
you can’t do it all yourself.
To be overseer of an Assembly Hall—
We were excited to do it,
but it seemed real heavy at the time.
It does take,
in our particular case, a couple of hundred.
There are about 200 or so volunteers
each and every week
that really are necessary
to care for the Assembly Hall
—the grounds,
the accounting, the purchasing,
the maintenance,
and the cleaning.
Each and every one of these chairs
—the seating—
all have moving parts
and have to be maintained.
And with 4,050 seats in here,
we can say that every single one
of them has been maintained.
John 2:17 says:
“The zeal for your house will consume me.”
And I think we have
an opportunity to show Jehovah that
—that we have zeal,
we have an eagerness, a fire for his house,
and for caring for it.
So we appreciate all those
who want to work at the Assembly Hall.
So many of the dear friends,
after they just spent a whole day
doing some terribly dirty job,
they thank you for the privilege.
Well, that’s zeal for Jehovah’s house.
Nowhere else does that happen.
And if we tried to do it ourselves
or if we hired somebody,
it wouldn’t be as good as the work
that the friends do when they come in.
When the friends come on the weekend,
this is an educational facility.
So they come here
to be educated about Jehovah.
And new ones come,
and it needs to be dignified
and reflect Jehovah’s qualities.
So the cleaning that goes on
and the maintenance that goes on
—that’s what the purpose is.
At lunchtime, we do a spiritual program.
It could be a talk;
it could be a discussion.
And we, really,
generally try to cover a topic
that helps the volunteers
see the connection
between their work
at the Assembly Hall
and the Kingdom preaching work.
We are preachers.
That’s number one
—to spread the good news.
And we see the results of that here.
We’re filling this place up.
It’s a real privilege.
You learn so much
from the sacrifices that the friends make
in order to serve Jehovah
that it makes us feel very small,
and we realize
what a blessing it is for us to be
in that environment all the time.
The goal of any work in Jehovah’s service
is to help as many people as you can
to come to know him
and to take care of his interests
here on the earth.
And we all have the same goal
—trying to please him
and doing what we can.
Our goal, really, as Assembly Hall servants
is to take care of the place in such a way
—take care of the Assembly Hall
in such a way—
that not only saves and makes wise use
of dedicated funds and resources
but also makes things ready
in such a way
that on Saturday morning
when the brothers and sisters walk in
and the attendants and the sound
and the stage brothers are getting ready,
all they really have to do
is come on in and flip the switches
—lights come on, air conditioning, heat.
Everything is functioning.
All they have to do
is just focus on the program
and listen and take in instruction.
That’s what we’re asked to do
—listen and take in instruction.
And we can do that when we’re
not distracted by anything else.
So if everything
works well on an assembly day,
we know we’ve done our job.